Fix quirks mode warning for SPA template (#8495)
remix-run/remix: .changeset/wild-timers-impress.md

---
"@remix-run/dev": patch
---

> Fix quirks mode warning for SPA template and default server entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically prepend `<!DOCTYPE html>` if not present to fix quirks mode warnings for SPA template
```
